{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fnil Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\tab\tab\tab\b\fs52 CAB MANAGEMENT SYSTEM\par
\fs32 INTRODUCTION:\par

\pard\qj\f1\fs24\lang16393 T\b0 his system provides customers within the facility with the ability to book cabs smoothly. The customers can modify and are able to cancel the cab for any reason. That prepares within a role and policies. The software should provide an option for checking availability of the cabs. That is important for the customers to get a message if the cab is unavailable. That will be displayed into customers. The customers should be noted when the change has been made or any further changes\par
\par
\par
\b\fs28 PRODUCT SCOPE:\par
\par
\fs24 T\b0 he purpose of the cab booking system is an easy-to-use application for passengers, trying to book online cabs. The system is based on a relational database with its flight management and reservation functions. We will have a database server supporting hundreds of major cities around the world as well as thousands of flights by various airline companies. Above all, we hope to provide a comfortable user experience along with the best pricing available.The required functions are\par
\b\f0\fs52\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs28 ACTORS:\fs24\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs28 admin\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}user\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}cab drivers\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}finance management\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b FUNCTIONALITIES:\b0\fs24\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs28  login page\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}user signup & login\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}cab booking page\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}create delete, add, edit, update (admin).\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}driver-registraion page\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}cab booking with realtime cab location\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}payment window wiith UPI support\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}finance management ,login- & signup\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\par
\b\fs28 REQUIREMENT:\fs22\par
\b0   \b\fs28 1. login page\par
User login page:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b0 login page is the first page where user can able to enter their login credentials and they can able to login to their account ,if the credential match with admin login as admin ,if its user it will redirect to user profile.the fields in login page are as follows,\b\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b0 there will be a field for entering the username and password \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}the email should end with @gmail.com or a valid mail address\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}text field for password(alphaneumeric,8 character , include special symbols & uppercase)\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Login button (validate username and password, if username or password are not matching it will alert the user to enter the valid mail or password, \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}also it should include an option for resetting the password ,forgotten password will ask to verify the user by sending mail an OTP so the software will confirm the OTP whether entered is correct or not if its correct it will show a page where user can set their new password for the future logins.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b Admin login:\b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Admin can able to see the details of no: of users and their details and also able to see the no:of cabs and thier details too. Here admin can monitor the overall performance of the app and also able to see the profit level of the app and user experince and feedbacks and reports by the users\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 space for number of users and number of cabs available\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}also having a graph for indicating the profit level\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}feedback viewing area and report recieving\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}permission to add , edit , update cab details\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\par
\b Cab driver login page:\par
\b0 this page is for the drivers who are registered in the software can able to login\par
\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2. \b User registration page\b0 :\par
user registration is a page where user can create an account to the software for using the product or get access to it.for registration the user need to fill some of their basic details such as firstname,lastname ,phone number ,email. it will verify the give details are correct just by sending a verification code to the users phone or email.it will show a page to enter the OTP .if the OTP matches with the system generated code it will verify the user is vaid and allows to create the account \par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 on the login screen the user can able to view a registration link just below the login\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}enter vaild username\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}enter the valid mobile or email and verify with OTP\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}two factor authentication setup will be done after the OTP verification because it makes the account more secure\f2\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0 button for navigation(back forward erase button\lang1033  in login page for the seamless movemnt inside the software even the user can move to the other page even if their keyboard or mouse is damaged.\lang9\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Submit button(validate username and password, if username already exists alert user to change username, if password already exists alert user to change username, else create new user)\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\par
\fs28 3. \b Cab booking page:\b0\fs24\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs28 cab booking page needs to be user friendly and it should use simple designing annotation even the person with any age can easily understandable and it should have a basic map that allows the user  to see the available cabs near them\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 provides the details of  available cabs\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}diffferent types of vechicles\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}price details\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}then user need to provide time and date.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
4. \b Admin access login:\b0\fs24\par
\b\fs28 Login page:\b0\par
it contains a navbar with company logo and options to view the company details anfd field to enter username and password . after that contains a login button to login to the admin page\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 text box to enter the login credentials\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}login button to entering into the home page\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\par
5.Driver registration page:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 This page is for register the details of cab and drivers and their contacting details. This page also check about the verification of details that enter by the user. \par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Field for entering name, phone\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Field for providing Driving license\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Field for entering vehicle number\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Vehicle type details entering field\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Submit button for registeration\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 After clicking submit button it redirect to login page.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Driver homepage:\b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 This page contain the details of user booking to the the cab, i.e the notification from user to driver which the driver can able to accept or decline. Also provide space for showing the nearest cab details. Cab availability management setting.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Space for showing other cab details.\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Notification receiving space with accept and decline button.\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Cab availability changing button\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\par
\b 6:Cab booking with realtime cab location\b0\par
This page contain the details of the realtime location of the cab driver and the distance between the customer and the cab driver\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 an inbuilt map for indicatinng the location.\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 realtime distance measuring\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 and the traffic block indication in area where cab is been booked.\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
7:Payment window:\b0\par
This page contain the payment interface for doing payments with UPI as well as credit cards and will get the invoice after the payment.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 the user can able to make payment with their phone via netbanking ,UPI, and also with online credit cards\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 invoice of the payment which include the travelled kilometers with the fare indication of each kilometers.\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 user can get the invoice or it can be downloaded via whatsapp or email\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 after the payment completion user can review the driver with star points.\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs24\par
\fs28\par
\par
\par
\fs24\par
\b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\par
}
 